crazy what if you want to be what it be
would it be will to be if dance man what
might our love kills in here tonight in
it oh I'm just spitting some party it's
definitely happening tonight tonight
night you me you're gonna get drunk
I'm almost smacking now mate uh-oh time
for refuel mo whatever one ah no all
right actually I'm still full screech
tires cuz are not be drinking huh well
i'm off to another right mate see you in
a bit yeah
yes
ah lady down in them tonight I tell you
the only finger piece of coal mine is
another co pine care
when they tilled care we fill our quest
oh yeah
he wanted to know us about yet so she is
to develop for you tell you if I told
her yes I said I said it etc
what you off me oh god believe you got
like that just off the wall pipe oh it's
actually quite sickening today the truth
Oh